OSDOCS-16940: DITA abstracts — OLM admin/user topics (#115359)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-overriding-operatorconditions.adoc

[id="olm-supported-operatorconditions_{context}"]
= Overriding Operator conditions

[role="_abstract"]

> To bypass a supported Operator condition that an Operator reports incorrectly, you can add an override to the `OperatorCondition` object in {product-title}. Overrides in `Spec.Overrides` take precedence over conditions in `Spec.Conditions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
As a cluster administrator,
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
As an administrator with the `dedicated-admin` role,
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
you might want to ignore a supported Operator condition reported by an Operator. When present, Operator conditions in the `Spec.Overrides` array override the conditions in the `Spec.Conditions` array, allowing
ifndef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
cluster administrators
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
ifdef::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
`dedicated-admin` administrators
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa,openshift-rosa-hcp[]
to deal with situations where an Operator is incorrectly reporting a state to Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM).
```
